Creative.dev Source Code License ---------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2024, Creative.dev

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are not permitted without explicit legal permission obtained from Creative.dev.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CREATIVE.DEV BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

RESTRICTIONS: - No copying, distribution, or modification of this source code is
allowed without explicit written permission from Creative.dev.  - The software
cannot be used for commercial purposes without obtaining a license from
Creative.dev.  - Any attempt to reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
software is strictly prohibited.

LICENSE REQUESTS: To request a license for commercial use or to inquire about
permissions beyond the scope of this license, please contact Creative.dev at
admin@creative.dev.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT: By using, copying, or distributing any part of this software,
you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to comply with the
terms and conditions outlined in this license agreement.

This license agreement is subject to change without notice and may be updated or
modified by Creative.dev at any time. It is the responsibility of the user to
stay informed about the current terms and conditions of the license agreement.

admin@creative.dev Creative.Dev